fix: fix label_values template functions behavior (#75)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: Add the ability to change the link for [Run in VMUI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui) button. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/61).

* BUGFIX: fix the tracing display for Grafana version 9.4.

> * BUGFIX: fix parsing params from `label_values()` grafana template function. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/74).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: support label with dots in names for template function `label_values()`. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/74).
```
